Updates for bypass fastly cache (#7819)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/live/stage-prod-test.md

[Migrate data and static files][]

> When your code, files, and data are successfully migrated to Staging or Production, use the environment URLs to test your site(s) and store(s). For a list of your URLs, see [Starter][] and [Pro][] access information.

Reviewer: You can avoid the be-verb altogether...

```suggestion
After a successful migration of your code, files, and data to Staging or Production, use the environment URLs to test your site(s) and store(s). For a list of your URLs, see [Starter][] and [Pro][] access information.
```

1. Log into the Magento Admin for Staging and Production using the URL with `/admin`, or the [updated Admin URL]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/env/environment-vars_magento.html#admin-url).

1. Navigate to **Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Advanced** > **System**. Scroll and click **Full Page Cache**.

1. Ensure that the **Caching application** value is set to _Fastly CDN_ .

1. Test the Fastly credentials.

   -  Click **Fastly Configuration**.

   -  Verify that the values for the Fastly Service ID and Fastly API token credentials. See [Get Fastly credentials][].

   -  Click **Test credentials**.

   {:.bs-callout-warning}
   Make sure that you entered the correct Fastly Service ID and API token in your Staging and Production environments. Fastly credentials are created and mapped per service environment. If you enter Staging credentials in your Production environment, you cannot upload your VCL snippets, caching does not work correctly, and your caching configuration points to the wrong server and stores.

{:.procedure}
To check Fastly caching behavior:

1. Check for headers using the `dig` command-line utility to get information about the site configuration.

>    The following examples use Pro URLs. You can use any URL with the `dig` command.

Reviewer: Does it seem smoother if you state a fact and then draw their attention to the examples?

```suggestion
   You can use any URL with the `dig` command. The following examples use Pro URLs:
```

   -  Staging: `dig https://mcstaging.<your-domain>.com`
   -  Production: `dig https://mcprod.<your-domain>.com`

   For additional `dig` tests, see Fastly's [Testing before changing DNS][].

> 1. Use `cURL` to verify the response header information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use `cURL` to verify the response header information.
```

   ```bash
   curl https://mcstaging.<your-domain>.com -H "host: mcstaging.<your-domain.com>" -k -vo /dev/null -H Fastly-Debug:1
   ```

   See [Check response headers][] for details about verifying the headers.

> 1. After you are live, use the following command to check your live site:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After you are live,  use `cURL` to check your live site.
```

   ```bash

>    curl https://<your domain> -k -vo /dev/null -H Fastly-Debug:1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   curl https://<your-domain> -k -vo /dev/null -H Fastly-Debug:1
```
